In previous part, we already set up our project.
We already created one in desert H.M. and some boots at.
We'd see us also, as you can see.
So we need to create one just before Stewart and Logan and for long.
So you can use your email also.
But if I am using DSP, handling the job is very simple, also very convenient, and you can customize
it easily.
So I'm going to add this to the analog in beach first.
As I told you, I already created this part.
Let me show you the student logging method.
So all these things are extremely tense, as you can see, these are extremely tense.
To this building.
Also, because these are all already seizures pardon on board.
So I don't want to include another this failure.
So I just but it's diluting here.
Say it's or just be patient.
You can easily use CSIS ish D.M. plus Java using this.
So this will be very helpful to create student log in peace as I created our duty.
So this is basically linked with state shoots and everything as we're going to see.
And that is student logging so many parties about all these things.
So it will bring this to the end logging and everything from calories read for which part.
So if I'm going to specify message this message later.
But what I'm doing this to parameter is not basically the there is something normally like for the username
or password are different.
It will show that that more username and password are incorrect.
So for that purpose, we can use this part.
So for displaying this, you can use Java program.
I'm using it, your program insert.
And so it is just slippage.
Similarly, for Welcome Orsomething message, I can put this using DSP.
I did this.
So another form action, are you dear?
So as you can see, this is very good student if I want to use default package and I will not mention
this, but Oyi is not controlled.
But what I'm going to do, I'm going to create some packages on LED examination system package.
So why I'm doing this, because for the database teaching and executing data, I will create another
four student and admin both different.
So let's then for validate students and validate that means I'm going to create another links for quiz
purposes.
I'm going to take one another.
So let also, though, it will create tremendous amount of what we can see.
So let's.
So using the for the package, it's not very helpful, but for the managing purpose, both fixing and
everything.
So for a nice project management, you should create packages within enter packages, meaningful use
of packages you can create.
So what is the controller convinced?
Controller contains all the controlling parts like log in, page, signup page, you read page, everything.
Though I mentioned it here later, I will create this part with the post and I created one format username.
We always remember this should be meaningful part and password this.
If I click it, it should go to exert extreme and otherwise it will go to the log part.
If I needed to and this correct.
So this is all about these things.
So we are done with student logging on then, and we know wouldn't just be, which is basically similar
to the student logging.
But remember, you log in with some another message I'm going to print and correction is validated.
So let us see what are the basics of GSP?
So GSP, as I told you, is nothing but a Java language and traditional base.
So GSP is used to create web applications just like Solis technology.
Oh, and it's very useful.
As you can see, I just can't connect the description to request or get parameter.
So as you can see, well, if you know the Java so laidback, if that request parameter is null, it
should bring back when you.
So its language is similar to Java, but there are some different things, as you can see.
So what is it I want to do so, despite all our advantages of this, these basically extension to our
so late so we can use all the features of.
So let me speak.
In addition, you can create implicit subject predefined des expression language.
You can also use it streaming services, as you can see a dispirited, slightly shifting side DSP.
So you can do.
Easy to maintain because the is eliminated because we can easily separate our business logic with precision
technology.
So business logic is basically backing basically up.
So you can choose the mix over things, but in solid what is, well, things in doing so, it is only
pure for business and we present it.
So it makes the business logical presentation logical for development.
No need to re compile and really plan if just people are just as motivated.
We don't need to redeploy and compile all the original, but so let codes need to updated again and
again.
And we.
So here for this project, we are going to create so solid plunges.
So consider using the DSP.
No need to redeployed again.
But for the solid part, do you have to redeploy re compile everything.
So you will see that I'm already compiling and rebuilding the project again and again, but it just
for this overlooked goods.
So what is the lifecycle of GSP beach?
So if you know the lifecycle of Java, it's similar to the GSP scheme translation of GSP beach, comparison
of GSP, the translation of GSP, which basically is separating the extremely taxing or GSP dense compilation
of just before that compilation of Java file class loading for the lower class instead.
And if you created any object to or something inside that GSP, then initialization of this that matters
again, then the request processing when it's done all things class loading value loses that request
and destroys for the end, you can see speeds that interfere.
If you create Long Beach days, Gigi's injured, you're similar like that for that purpose.
So I would like checklist translation compilation.
Plus loading initially and vision initialization request processing destroy as simple as that.
So no need to declare all these things like you should not remember this, but this is very important
part.
You should remember because if you have some errors while compiling on, then no need to check for your
syntax or anything for that.
Like, if you have some errors like logical errors, like class loading errors.
No need to check for translation in that part.
You can directly check for request is processing or not, if requested.
Processing If request is not processing at that particular ruling and everything is not what requested
is not processing.
So there is some error with our database or something like that you can check.
So I will throw in the general manager, editorial manager, so just be just be translated, then solid
file, then it will compile.
It will be creative and classy.
It will go to the Jedi Java random environment, then servlet objects.
Then before that is dynamic content actually before then for loading that page.
Step by step, if you have loaded all the pages inside the server, as we are noting only done on the
local authority, our machine will take all or our computer will take all the load of that.
Nothing but what this buffer will do.
It will create some stack of pages and it will load it into Denzel.
So it just takes more time then so for loading purposes.
So but it's time we can see the full complexity while writing the GSP is very easy.
So most of the times we prefer GSP over the Java subnet.
So in the first part, I will tell you about the delivery connection instead of just being able to do
so.
Let us move on to our D.C. So as I told you, we have already created an urban league in part.
Let us stick for the valedictorian part.
So no need to worry how we can create inside the social package.
This click right click new and create job package or as your name, I choose or yes, online examination
system.
Insert that always.
I'm going to create some packages.
We use controller for the controlling part or use model for deploying all the more later.
It's like if you have some deep database parts and everything like if you are, this is validating just
by storing part and everything I'm going to use.
We use DB for database management and that connection part, everything.
So I separated these different parts.
So let us see how we can create related student.
So this is our package.
I'm building this.
You can just import like this.
Also import Java.
I your start on on.
So so no need to write this again and again.
So it will take part of that.
I've always.
So.
Let me lead this, but also because of oil writing, these are some different things you can take here.
OK, so this is all about these things.
So who is Debbie, and I'm going to create some part here admin for the database student for the student
database, admin for information, student video, for that information, I'm going to limping inside
the mall.
So we will create in the next part.
So all this is all about these things.
Always remember you can also use this also because I bring everything again and again here for the Java
servlet.
What you can do is you can just start here and you can take this what for simpler purpose?
I'm hoping this all the files I will get in warranty.
All.
Liabilities, if you have some Java expert, you can go with the libraries and you have to load the
Java expert yet so as you can see, I already loaded inside this JDK.
Despite Java, it's bad, it's not loaded.
Just click here, right?
I got a folder.
Download the Java from that purpose and open it.
So.
This is a dollar that is loaded, so no need to worry, it will show the error or not, it will.
There will be more and I will take care of that part also.
So in saying this, I'm I will tell in the next part how we can use this to post and everything better.
So look, postseason Methodism, I'm requesting that barometer and I'm using this validated part here
and some with status and something instructions then to this part.
So I will tell you in the next part how we can create this and also validate item in part.
So thank you for this.
And remember, always create some meaningful back to just name and some files from the GSP as they create.